When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

When there are static and stable versions of a project.
The released versions can be published in a remote repository while the entire project can be local.
If the project is open source or others need to access it.
When multiple folks are working on the same project and asynchronously updating files in it.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

Local changes can be overridden by changes on the remote repository if someone else made the update.
In progress local work might be tied off, lost, or have merge conflicts if a remote update touches the same files
Branch nomenclature might get mixed up if the local and remote repos are named differently

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

A clone makes a copy of a repository.  The following copies are possible:
1. Remote > remote - this is called a fork
2. Remote > local - this is called a clone
3. Local > local - this is called a clone
4. Local > remote - this can be considered a push
Branching occurs when additional commits are made outside of the working branch.  Can be either local or remote.
git

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

Able to see what other folks have been working on and can refactor that into local code.
Merging and pushing back to the remote repo is easier to execute with both local and remote references.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

Would have to use a homegrown tracking system.  Control would probably be broken up into larger chunks be less flexible.
Collaboration, diffing, and merging would be harder to execute.
Branching would probably be difficult to control as well, and different code bases or environments might need to be set up for that.
Migrating or "pushing" forward code across dev, new features, production, etc. deployments would be a challenge

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

It's always a good idea to make changes in a branch first and then merge into master.
Production fixes should be worked on in a testing branch.
New features should be worked on in feature branches.
Other stuff like rearchitecting, A/B testing, project sprints, etc. as well.
While it's more work to manage, this allows master to be fully functional and less at risk of encountering a bug.
